So this is a work in progress but here is the gist of what I hope to achieve. (Also feel free to
make suggestions and tweaks if you see fit because now that it is both our projects I want you to
love it as much as I hope to)

Alright...

So... the character will wake up from a pod (like a cryochamber) into a room full of darkness.
The tutorial will follow as thusly, they will learn how to open doors and interact with objects
once they reach the door (E) will pop up. From there they will wander the halls which will be a
set path of sorts but will eventually lead out onto a ledge. The player has just left the rusted
remains of a ship and now follow the twisting paths of the crag all the while learning how to gain
health (picking berries from a nearby bush which simultaneously teaches them they have an
inventory) and also that they can pick up weapons(still debating whether having a plethra of
weapons or just 3 set weapons will be sufficient).
From there they will enter a chamber in the side of the mountain that has a well inside. A tablet
will be next to the center stating the purpose of this dungeon (a rhyme of courage, the soul, and
immortality or wish giving)
Now from here the player will jump down and the screen will fade to black. The starting area will
always be "The Ruins". From here they will wander 19 randomly generated rooms solving puzzles that
will be sperate to each room but link in some way or another all the while fighting enemies and
getting loot. The final room will only be generated once the player reaches a certain amount of
rooms or completes certain puzzles (still to be determined) and from there the next room they
enter will be the boss battle. They fight the boss and continue to the next randomly generated
and selected level. The story will continue like this (still working on the details but every
level has been thought of) all the while learning more about themselves and the dungeon they
are in.
By the time they have reached the 15th level the player should realize that the dungeon possesses
other worldly properties of time and space alteration and that they have been traveling back and
forth through time. Now the ending is still up in the air but I am feeling like the prize or the
object at the end be some sort of alien looking sphere/meteorite that will instantly shock and
kill anything living. The player realizes this but doesn't die revealing that they are made of
some sort of inanimate material or wax (they are a clone of some sort carrying forth their
mission for some man who died eons ago).

From here the story gets a little fuzzy but for now this is the end. Again, still a work in
progress so if you wanna tweak things by all means. (Just label what you did please :)   )
